MacroSheds time-series data
Column names and their descriptions


1. datetime

Date and time in UTC


2. site_code

Short name for MacroSheds site. See "Site summary table" under the Data tab at
macrosheds.org for more information.


3. var

The "sampling prefix" and short name for each MacroSheds variable. The sampling
prefix makes up the first two characters of all elements of the "var" column, and
is separated from the short name of the variable by an underscore. The first letter
of the prefix is either "I" or "G", and the second letter is either "S" or "N".
Prefixes can be interpreted as follows:

    I = "installed", referring to data points that were recorded by some kind of
        
installed apparatus, e.g. a rain gauge or an in-stream sensor array.
    G = "grab", referring to data points that were collected "by hand", either
        as water samples or manual/visual point measurements.

    S = "sensor", referring to data points that were recorded by an electronic
        device in the field.
    N = "non-sensor", referring to data points that were recorded by a human making
        physical measurements, or as analytical samples in a lab

Note that MacroSheds determines I vs. G automatically using a set of heuristics.
S vs. N is determined from source metadata where possible, and inferred otherwise.
Prefixes may therefore be incorrect in some cases.

For more on MacroSheds variables, see "Variable table" under the Data tab at
macrosheds.org.


4. val

The data value.


5. ms_status

A 0 in this column indicates that the corresponding data point is "clean" by MacroSheds standards.
This means it was not flagged as problematic in any way by the data provider, and
that it passed our QA/QC system. A value of 1 in this column indicates that the data
point is "questionable", meaning the data provider flagged it with a note of mild-to-
moderate concern. We do not include points in our dataset if they are flagged
as "insufficient sample", "sensor out of water", "dead battery", "contaminated sample",
or anything else indicating outright bad data. However, a flag stating e.g. "half
sample volume" or "debris on sensor" would be included in our dataset with an ms_status
of 1. Note that for sequences of points interpolated by MacroSheds, the ms_status value
preceding the interpolated sequence is carried to all interpolated points within the sequence.


6. ms_interp

A 1 in this column indicates that the corresponding data point was imputed by MacroSheds.
Currently, all imputation is done by linear interpolation, except for winter discharge at
McMurdo LTER, where we assume discharge values of 0. In future versions, we will leverage
additional imputation techniques and detail them here.


7. val_err

The combined standard uncertainty associated with the corresponding data point.
Every time-series data point retrieved from a data provider by MacroSheds is assigned
an uncertainty value equal to the detection limit of the device/process that measured it.
For example, a nitrate value may be recorded as 0.24 mg/L using a process accurate to
0.01 mg/L. The true value in this case could be anywhere from 0.2350000... to
0.2449999... mg/L. Therefore the detection limit and the uncertainty associated with the
measured value are both 0.01 mg/L. Through all the operations MacroSheds performs
(unit conversion, temporal aggregation, spatial/temporal interpolation, flux calculation,
etc.), we propagate this uncertainty using the errors package for R
(https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/errors/index.html). Wherever we leverage
the data.table package, which is not compatible with the errors package, we implement
uncertainty propagation according to doi:10.32614/RJ-2018-075. We DO NOT incporporate
measurement uncertainty as reported by data providers. MacroSheds data are retrieved
from many providers, only some of which report measurement uncertainty at all. By
propagating uncertainty from detection limits, which can be inferred from all data values,
we do not risk inflating the apparent uncertainty of data from those domains who happen to
report measurement uncertainty vs. those who do not.
