"attributeName"	"attributeDefinition"	"class"	"unit"	"dateTimeFormatString"	"missingValueCode"	"missingValueCodeExplanation"
"network"	"Short name for the data network associated with a MacroSheds site. A network includes one or more domains under common funding/leadership."	"character"			"NA"	"missing value"
"domain"	"Short name for the data domain associated with a MacroSheds site. A domain includes one or more sites under common management."	"character"			"NA"	"missing value"
"macrosheds_prodcode"	"An identifier for a primary source data product, used internally during MacroSheds data processing. These are the same as the original product codes given by a primary source, unless designated 'VERSIONLESS...'"	"character"			"NA"	"missing value"
"macrosheds_prodname"	"One of the time-series or shapefile data products provided by MacroSheds"	"categorical"			"NA"	"missing value"
"doi"	"The digital object identifier of the original data source, if it exists and we were able to find it"	"character"			"NA"	"missing value"
"data_status"	"Any special statuses associated with this data product, such as “provisional”"	"categorical"			"NA"	"missing value"
"license"	"The license that governs reuse of the original data product"	"categorical"			"NA"	"missing value"
"license_type"	"The general category of license, taking into account both the license itself and any custom IR terms attached to the original data product"	"categorical"			"NA"	"missing value"
"license_sharealike"	"Details of the “share-alike” clause, if applicable"	"categorical"			"NA"	"missing value"
"IR_acknowledgement_text"	"Where specific acknowledgement text is given without 'for example' (i.e. phrasing of the acknowledgement must be verbatim), we include that text in this column."	"character"			"NA"	"missing value"
"IR_acknowledge_domain"	"Acknowledgment includes the name of the domain"	"categorical"			"NA"	"missing value"
"IR_acknowledge_funding_sources"	"Acknowledgment includes funding sources"	"categorical"			"NA"	"missing value"
"IR_acknowledge_grant_numbers"	"Acknowledgment includes the grant numbers of associated funding awards (these are in column 'funding')"	"categorical"			"NA"	"missing value"
"IR_notify_of_intentions"	"Primary source authors want to know what you intend to do with their data? Will you publish, etc.?"	"categorical"			"NA"	"missing value"
"IR_notify_on_distribution"	"Primary source authors want to know of any publications or derivative works you made  with their data, after the fact."	"categorical"			"NA"	"missing value"
"IR_provide_online_access"	"Primary source authors want you to provide online access to any digital products derived from the data"	"categorical"			"NA"	"missing value"
"IR_provide_two_reprints"	"This rule is likely vestigial. Providing online access should be fine. But it still does exist in a few places."	"categorical"			"NA"	"missing value"
"IR_collaboration_consultation"	"You are encouraged to contact the dataset creator, e.g. to prevent duplication of work, or to collaborate where appropriate"	"categorical"			"NA"	"missing value"
"IR_questions"	"You are encouraged to contact the dataset creator with any questions about methodology or results"	"categorical"			"NA"	"missing value"
"IR_needs_clarification"	"We are still in the process of figuring out the meaning of one or more IR clauses"	"character"			"NA"	"missing value"
"contact"	"The email address of primary dataset contact"	"character"			"NA"	"missing value"
"contact_name1"	"The name of primary dataset contact"	"character"			"NA"	"missing value"
"creator_name1"	"Name of dataset creator"	"character"			"NA"	"missing value"
"funding"	"Grant award numbers associated with the dataset. All awards not necessarily included here."	"character"			"NA"	"missing value"
"citation"	"The citation for the primary data product"	"character"			"NA"	"missing value"
"link"	"A link to the primary data product, or a landing page thereof"	"character"			"NA"	"missing value"
"link_download_datetime"	"When this product was last retrieved by MacroSheds"	"Date"		"Y-M-D h:m:s UTC"	"NA"	"missing value"
